AI Usage Journal
Connor Chung
cchung18@umd.edu
Section 0203

Week 1
I did not use AI this week. I did, however, use ChatGPT last week to ask about the small yellow objects that appeared on one of my tomato plants (they appeared to be aphids), and I might use it again to ask it more questions about my tomatoes again.

Week 2
I asked ChatGPT to find a show I had forgotten the name of by giving it details of the show that I remember. Sadly it could not find the show.

Week 3
This week I was trying to find a Python method that checked for if each character in a string was a letter. When I looked it up on Google, the first thing I was greeted with was their AI overview, which I have always tried to avoid. I got a brief look at their result, though, and it gave me insight on what I was supposed to look for (the method was isalpha()).

Week 4
I asked ChatGPT to help shorten the word count in a paper I had to do for another class. I had already finished the paper, but I had gone over the word count. I also asked it to explain the changes it made, which it did. I found that helpful.

Week 5
I asked ChatGPT to count how many times two words appeared in a list because I was too lazy to count myself.

Week 6
I asked ChatGPT to remove all the line breaks in three lists and replace them with a $ because it became really tedious after doing two myself.

Week 7
I used ChatGPT and Microsoft Copilot for option 2 of the Week 7 discussion assignment.

Week 8
I did not use AI this week.

Week 9
I did not use AI this week again.

Week 10
I did not use AI this week again. I did however see an offer for Google Colab Pro and Gemini Pro that's free for students. While Gemini Pro is free for a year, Colab Pro is free as long as you have a school account I believe.

Week 12
Yesterday (12/3/2025), Spotify and YouTube released their Spotify Wrapped and YouTube Recap for the year (YouTube Recap is new this year). Both of these features use an AI to analyze and compile your listening/viewing data from Januuary to November on their respective platforms, then shares them to you in a fun and interactive way. For example, Spotify Wrapped tells you things like what song, artist, and genre you listened to the most from January to November.